[Music]
hi
mystery recapped here today i'm going to
explain a mystery called who is this guy
and why is his face all over my recap
videos bro no way i thought it was a
computer generated voice that's insane i
thought mystery recapped was a google
voice isn't his face kind of cgi looking
my name is adam i'm canadian i might be
human
i work in video game development i do
some voice acting work on the side and i
have a little baby youtube channel of my
own about three weeks ago now mystery
recapped made me a part of their team
we're like a little family and uh when
we first switched over from text to
speech to my voice
things got pretty funny in the comments
almost immediately
so let's go back and uh start from there
geez i've done a lot of these already
how many where where did we begin
another earth in order to avoid
demonetization we're doing a trial the
text-to-speech ai thing
wasn't monetizable uh is that a word
3000 people liked this and then i posted
it just to introduce myself and say
hello and uh seven people liked it
and then of those 3 000 that liked it
about a thousand of them went on to get
very upset with me for for taking away
their their favorite robot voice which i
totally understood we've got people
saying love the new voice i really like
the new voice and then we've got
whatever you use it's fine that's a nice
sentiment that's
the fans of mystery recap saying we're
here for you no matter what
and then you got clutch dutchman new
voice blows
and
this this is still happening today this
obvious obviously you can't please
everybody
uh i just want to say that i'm really
really grateful to those of you who do
comment and support and are happy with
the change because
it means a lot to me these comments they
can sting
i like the voice it's period okay i like
it a lot it's very clear very natural
can't you do a custom text to speech
voice well for a long time that's
exactly what people thought i was
this new human voice sounds more human-y
if that makes sense
thanks liquid pixels like that i don't
feel lonely all the times when i watch
mystery recap for five hours straight
get great change the new voice is good
but i'm gonna miss the ai's watch out
and take care tone obviously a lot of
people shared that same sentiment and uh
i don't know i've been i've been trying
to sort of mimic the ai but i know that
it was kind of a kind of a blow to to
lose that voice and um
i felt weird about that i didn't i
didn't really want to step in and change
something that so many of you guys loved
um you know that wasn't my intention to
just shove myself in there it's purely
so that we can keep making content keep
bringing you guys awesome videos and we
don't get yanked off of youtube honestly
the human voice sounds so much better
than the tts it makes the channel have
more soul you know well super soaker the
jury is still out on whether or not i'm
a human or a robot so
do i have a soul i don't know
this one the discovery
uh this this got a lot of hits i guess
it was the thumbnail do you guys like
the weird thumbnails don't you well i
can't uh can't complain i like weirdos i
am a weirdo myself
what were people saying to this one i
wonder it's okay the voice is smooth as
hell
smooth as hell some may say smooth as
eggs
hell ain't smooth bro
true but eggs are i actually did not
want the voice to change but the new
voice is actually pretty good so this i
guess this was around the time that i
was winning you guys over just a little
bit it's all for money not about
enjoyment
who else didn't know that mystery
recapped actually voiced these i thought
it was some fancy text to speech
okay well this is the tipping point
let's get into
the debate
as to whether or not i am an ai
meet dave this was the one
this was the video
that changed it all
because we showed my face we showed my
stupid little face right there down in
the bottom corner for the first time
in mystery recap history
and boy did you guys ever pop off
holy [ __ ] you're a real person voicing
this that deserves some respect
and then what did people say
wow these idiots are actually convinced
it's a real person and voice these
idiots
lilyman said they had auditions for this
so it is him talking williemon is right
i did audition there were a bunch of us
who auditioned and um you guys voted for
me so i have whoever did that uh thank
you so much but then so that's that's
the rational brain talking let's see
well let's see what the other side of
the brain thinks he's an ai
it's an ai i like how his voice fits his
ai voice
ah yes his ai face matches his ai face
he resembles ben affleck
sweet you're beautiful bro
i thought you were using tts this whole
time i thought he uses automatic voice
generation all this time i'm
speechless i thought they used an ai to
read the script [ __ ] me it's his real
voice and face and not a robot voice oh
and then i commented on that one oh no
i've looked at this before damn that
face cam's busting i thought mystery
recapped was a google voice isn't his
face kind of cgi looking
the debate wasn't dead at this point
this is like a week into it and uh
people were still 55 people think that
my face was cgi still i mean i might be
i might be
he's an ai evolving to be a human but he
hasn't quite gotten it yet don't let
this synth fool you
actually you know what i watched
westworld recently and those robots
didn't know they were robots for quite
some time either so
looks suspicious
definitely not a human but props to him
for making it so realistic yeah ever
since among us came out people been
telling me i look suss everyone who said
this guy was an ai is wrong this proves
it's a real person
yes bring back the ai voice
so that was exciting that was a really
exciting moment in time when we first
popped my face in there generally
the reaction was positive or supportive
at least and it was really cool so then
you know we i hoped that that would
continue
but eventually we tried something else
with this movie called the pool
we tried keeping my face
in the entire
video
and that
did not go over quite as well
keep the face cam for the intros it's
too distracting for the entire video
doesn't need to be there this was when
we hit sort of a red light it is
distracting to have a face in the bottom
corner the whole time especially when
you're trying to stay
dialed in on the movie um we were just
trying this as an extra measure to keep
things monetized we figure that if i'm
on there narrating the whole time then
that's more of a special spin but a lot
of people had opinions like this it's so
weird to see this dude's face now you
didn't have to show your face this
doesn't add absolutely anything
remove the face cam it's somehow
distracting no offense man but being in
the corner of the screen is super
distracting and unnecessary and looks
kind of silly i love the narration the
voice but you in the corner kills it no
hate just constructive criticism thank
you for the even approach to that that
was actually really sweet of you
get the f out of the corner man
[Laughter]
we backpedaled we pulled me back out we
just just put me in the intros i'm open
to anything honestly so you guys could
let us know uh in the comments below
this video
what you think would be cool in the
future and we'll totally read all of
those and we'll get back to you it is a
robot voice he just has to have his face
in to prevent demonetization so that's a
whole other layer to this to this debate
is that they think that i'm lip-syncing
to a text-to-speech and i honestly i
don't know how to beat that one i don't
know how to prove that it's that it's my
voice i could send you the files
i'll send you the files actually i
probably won't send you the files that
would require i'd have to give you my
email address and i probably shouldn't
do that
so if i can add a little something to
this debate about human versus ai add a
little clarification but i will say that
before i sat down to shoot this video i
was folding underwear in the other room
fold my underwear in my bedroom
can a robot do that
actually robots probably fault underwear
for sure and last but not least let's uh
let's jump into our most recent video
the one for attack on titan uh we got
some really awesome love on this video
for a joke that i wrote into the script
i've been doing this on and off lately
i'm just trying it out i'm not very good
at jokes but i'm just putting little
things in there just everyone always
loves to comment about them and and i i
love that um
thank you for for being so interactive
with us on this and i didn't mean to say
that attack on titan was a terrible
movie i just think the anime is a lot
better i'll be sure to watch the anime
series oh
well then that was my intention that's
fantastic it is really good please do
this movie was so bad compared to the
anime it burned my soul inside out
and you know guys i would love uh even
more um feedback as to whether or not
you think this is a good move we're just
trying to personalize the videos a
little bit more add our own twist to
them so that they're not just
blow-by-blow recaps but also i feel like
it might kind of be annoying some people
my bad jokes my terrible stupid jokes
so definitely let us know it's because
the videos are too low effort
well i don't know about that man um
there's a number of people that work on
these to to bring them out every day and
they're awesome at what they do um i
tried the other day to write one of
these scripts myself just for fun as an
exercise it's extremely difficult to
watch a whole two-hour movie and figure
out a way to to condense it to 10
minutes worth of writing
it's it's really hard to do and for the
record the the video editors are
incredible too i mean they've got great
source material to work with with the
movies themselves of course and there's
an order to what they put together but
they have a real kinetic way that they
edit these things to keep them
interesting and to keep things making
sense
it's just uh it's one of those things
that you have to try it yourself to
appreciate how difficult it can be
also the research team there are guys
who literally just go through movie
options all day every day and they look
for stuff that you guys will find
interesting
um they do an awesome job too they're
all awesome they're all awesome
but anyway everybody this is all i
really wanted to do today was just sort
of drop you guys a line let you know
that i am in fact
a person or robot who who really enjoys
reading what you guys have to say about
the videos uh and interacting with
everybody and it's just an absolute joy
for me to to narrate these videos for
all of you and then to see what you
think about them and to interact with
you so if you enjoyed this video uh or
even if you didn't if you hated this one
because
what was this really anyway but if you
enjoy the other videos that we make here
at mystery recap
please remember that leaving us a like
uh turning on notifications um
subscribing are all really good ways to
show us your support and let us know
that you love us
so that we can keep bringing you
incredible content every single day
thank you guys so much and have an
awesome day